# On the recording of hypnotic scripts

# The fases of an hypnotic session

Induction
  <!--transition suggestions-->
  <!--  (listen to the following information to go even deeper)-->
Deepener
  transitions suggestions
    (now your subconsious is open to .... and will reflect all until eternity in you current life and the next)
Implementation
  transition suggestions
    (the previous information will be stored, everything you need will be stored, and everything you should forget you will forget)
Deduction
  wakeup transition
  (beeps ... binaural beat for wakeup)

## Rules

  * use royal breaks between hypnotic parts

## Pacing and leading, and the limitation

Normally you have an interaction with a client, and the hypnotiser can time certain conclusions on fe. the breathing rithm of the subject.
Since these are tapes, this is not possible. So timed information should be nomalised.

say:
  
  Take a few seconds to make a few deep breaths ... (longer pause, to give the subject the time to execute the suggestion)

instead of:

  Breathe in, breathe out


## Hypnotic script

  * Hypnotic part
    A normal tekst is divided into sentences and paragraph. When taling in an hypnotic fashion
    one divides the paragraphs up in hypnotic parts.

## Hypnotic speech

On could 

  * words per minute
  * pause between hypnotic parts

## Transitions between fases

Make sure the transition hypnotic pauses is around 8 - 12 seconds.

Rythm of induction should start at a speaking rythm of 4 seconds and should gradually slow down to a speaking rythm of 8 seconds.

  * tempo from induction can start normal but should end at breathing rythm of 


